
## parakeet_simulation.py
This is the main script to call to run the code. It takes as arguments the parameters for parakeet, such as the exposure, the voltage etc. and a (list of) .pdb files. First, the config for parakeet is initialised with all the parameters supplied by the user. Next, if a .pdb file contains multiple (N) models, the script will first split the .pdb file into N separate, temporary files which are removed at the end of the program. Then the images are generated by parakeet and the metadata is saved.

## parakeet_sim_inplane.py
Earlier script that does a similar thing to the main simulation script with more spaghetti code and specifically generates only in-plance rotated particles

## parakeet_preprocessing.py
Script to turn an MD trajectory file (.nc or similar) into a .pdb file containing separate models for each frame.

## manual_cs_metadata.py
creates a .cs file for cryosparc with the defocus values from the parakeet simulation. Not generally useful, but can be upgraded to a general way to output .cs metadata with the ground-truth of the simulation

## hemoglobin_parakeet.py
loops over some defocus values and calls the main parakeet_simulation.py script to generate a set of image data for the hemoglobin structure. Could have been a .sh file

## functions.py
arbitrary functions. Only the function convert_traj_to_pdb is relevant for turning a MD trajectory file into a .pdb file

## convert_to_particle_stack.py
unfinished script that should turn the generated parakeet images into a particle stack to circumvent particle picking

